International Community of Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture
Mowing green
Here students from around the world enjoy studying abroad in Japan
However, the foreign students hardly know about Japanese culture
I have to live in Japanese society
Ariyama's Aoba dormitory dorm leader is for international students
It has served as a better understanding seminar lecturer of Japanese society
People exchange
Keep in mind that it will change
everyone is
1 difference how to interact
Think about what to do
International students who will continue doing it with the hope to Japan
I feel great confusion if the culture and customs are different
It's just that I don't know
They will start smoothly is living in Japan to really knowing because it is excellent
We Japanese think that if possible its help even a little
Culture custom
Even a little, such as in foreign students way of thinking and work that it say
I wanted to I want
We hold seminars
How Tsu each
Don't be ashamed of going to the world astonishing and international
At a seminar, the common sense of Japanese society It is important to live in Japan, such as the way of work of Japanese companies
Will tell you
Direct involvement in life for dormitory students
It has always been a popular seminar
Japanese customs through the seminar
Gradually raised want to wear the rules of Japanese society
Performed regularly in Aoba Dormitory
Aoba students who receive a seminar to learn Japanese society deepen their understanding of Japanese society
Take the first step in studying in Japan
If you are a student dormitory for international students and college students who are willing to walk out of the month's twinkling club
Lord community Japan seems to campers overseas month said chan
can è¼
Situation 03 similar Earth 892 after finally chopsticks cucumber
Minutes if you decide the month